update on versioning/errata (#142)
WCRP-CMIP/cmip7-guidance: docs/CMIP7/Guidance_for_ESGF.md

```
esgunpublish --dset-id <DRS-dataset-id>
```

## 4. Versioning and Errata

### 4.1 Versioning datasets

Anytime there is any change to the data, a new version must be created.  Sites that run CMOR, that will write out new versions, work with yout team that operates CMOR to ensure that new versions are created.

> Alternatively and in cases where CMOR is not used, the [ESGDRS Tool](https://esgf.github.io/esgf-prepare/drs.html) can be used to create versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anytime there is any change to a published dataset, an new dataset version must be created. 
The version identifier is the last component of a CMIP7 dataset's directory path.
Sites **must ensure** that an updated dataset is never erroneously published using the same version identifier as its previous version.

CMOR by default will write the version identifier in the output directory path as the current date (example: `v20260511`).
However the version can also be user-specified as an input to CMOR.
Sites that use CMOR should ensure that version identifiers are correctly specified for updated datasets (i.e., that a previous user-specified version is not mistakenly applied to updated version of a dataset).

Alternatively, and in cases where CMOR is not used, the [ESGDRS Tool](https://esgf.github.io/esgf-prepare/drs.html) can be used to set the version identifier.
```

@sashakames I think clarifying how CMOR handles versions is useful here, but please correct me if I've misunderstood

Reviewer 2: The changes above in green read much better to me and this also applies to directory structures of obs4MIPs and any obs4REF datasets uploaded to ESGF-NG.

### 4.2 Errata Service

> When a site creates an updated version (not needed on initial publication) or retracts data, an Errata must be opened.  Please see the [Errata documentation](https://ipsl.gitbook.io/esgf-errata-service) on the procedures.  Users can also create Errata but it is the responsibility of the data managers or modelers to review the issues to confirm or challenge the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a site creates an updated version of a dataset, or retracts a dataset, an Errata must be opened using the [Errata service](https://errata.esgf.io/).  Please see the [Errata documentation](https://ipsl.gitbook.io/esgf-errata-service) on the procedures.  Users can also create Errata, and it is the responsibility of the data managers or modelers to review user-created Errata issues to confirm or challenge the input.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with these changes as well
